........INCITE:BVUCOEP.......

OVERVIEW
The Enterprenuership Development Cell of Bharati Vidyapeeth College Of Engineering, Pune organised 'INCITE' under the support  of college principal Prof. Anand Bhalerao and  PIIC (Pune International Incubation Center) .The event was a great treat for future entrepreneurs.

EVENT DETAILS
It was a two hour seminar held in June'2015 with the crowd of 150 enthusiasts in the seminar hall of the  college and was headed by Rajat Kabade and Anand Bongir.

PROGRAM SPEECH
RAJAT KABADE(Head Of Google Developer Group,Co-founder of PIIC)
The speech started with an introduction on the word 'Enterprenuer'.What does the word mean? How to be one of them? And Who can be?
Moreover, he emphasised on the' Importance Of Networking For A Successful Venture'.

ANAND BONGIR(Co-founder of PIIC)
The words were framed on the 'Designing Of A Adoring Startup'.He also said that 'Vibrancy Explores The Venture'. As a startup user he also shared his experience as a curious user.

With this, the event ended with a " Thank you " note to the guests from the event speakers.

.....INTERSTELLAR:2k16......

OVERVIEW
The Enterprenuership Development Cell of Bharati Vidyapeeth College Of Engineering, Pune organised 'INTERSTELLAR:2016' under the support  of college principal Prof. Anand Bhalerao in association with PIIC (Pune International Incubation Center) and Google Developers Group.The event was a great treat for zealous interns.

EVENT DETAILS
It was a full day event held on 6th,February'2016 in the seminar hall C-403 of the college. In which 350 zealous students participanted from all engineering, Management, commerce and arts college all over the pune with more than 24 startups.

The event was structured in 3 levels..

Level 1:Aptitude Test
The first tier started with a great enthusiasm among students and ended with a zeal for next level.

Level 2:Group Discussion
To check the command over the words & thoughts from mind. This level was performed peacefully and marks were recorded individually by the jury.

Level 3:Personal Interview
The great startup founders started finding potentials in college students with a personal interview discussing about their own startups and future engagements for it.

Result
As the time went on and the heart beats of students started swiftly.on a victorial note the event ended with  37 students getting internships in 23 Google startups from PIIC.

.....E-SUMMIT:BVUCOEP....

OVERVIEW
The Enterprenuership Development Cell of Bharati Vidyapeeth College Of Engineering, Pune organised  'E-Summit' under the support  of college principal Prof. Anand Bhalerao. The event was a great treat for future entrepreneurs.

EVENT DETAILS
It was a full day event held on 24th Sept'2016 starting from 9:00a.m. to 6:00p.m. in the seminar hall of the  college.
Sponsered by :Dunkin Donuts,Salasar Academy
Media Partners: Your Story(Inspire Innovative Ignite)
Designing Partners:Mobi Wonders
Ideation Workshop by : Rohit Lalwani
Panelists:-
1.Ved Muthal
2. Arman Verma
3.Mohit Harodya

IDEATION WORKSHOP
The event started at 9:15a.m. with a  workshop conducted by "Rohit Lalwani" on the topic " How to be an Entrepreneur? "
The speech included answers to various questions like who is an entrepreneur, when and how to start the startup. Then moving ahead, he explained how to work on "Business Model Canvas. "

COMPETETION
Moving on to the second tier of the event leaded by "sponsors speech", we had competition on " BUSINESS MODEL canvas.
Nearly, 67 zealous teams gave a fair participation.
With delicious refreshements the competition came to an end after 2 hrs.

PANEL DISCUSSION
In 3rd tier a great panel discussion by our panelists.In the mean time the results were getting ready.

PRIZE DISTRIBUTION
Great Ideas from great minds flourished the seminar hall when cash prizes upto 9k were given to the winners. The first prize was awarded to the business idea of "Boney wheels" followed by the secibd prize to "Rent-a-go".
After the prize distribution prof. Kadam gave a vote of thanks to all the participants,principal,panelists & EDC members. Last but not tue least, Mr. Kadam ended his words by quoting, "Scientist can disciver the world, engineer can create the world, but enterprenuers can sustain the world. Coming to the end of the event, certificates were distributed to each and every participant with attractive vouchers from the respective sponsors. 
